Fix/remove tags from panel (#1100)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: RELEASE.md

- Fix pretty naming for transcoded datasets. (#1062)
- Keep graph visible when switching pipelines. (#1063)
- Add a transition to run details in experiment tracking. (#1065)

> - Remove tags field from datasets and parameters in flowchart panel. (#1100)

Reviewer: To be a bit more consistent with the language elsewhere in this file:

```suggestion
- Remove Tags field from dataset and parameter nodes when viewed in metadata panel. (#1100)
```
